Were you an idol star?
Idol stars are very problematic.
Gosh, I like your thighs. You get a lot of calls, don't you?
He's on "We Got Married" with Sa Jin Jin.
Did you sleep with her? Was she great?
- My gosh. - Let go of me.
Chul Min.
What brings you here?
Next, we'll share our marketing strategy...
to dive into the global market.
First, I'll introduce our new face of National Chemicals.
It's actress Sa Jin Jin.
She was nominated in the Cannes Film Festival...
for her movie, "Universal Emotions".
We thought that her global image could be of help...
to the marketing strategy of National Chemicals...
as we're trying to expand the European distribution channel.
Hello. I'm the new model for National Chemicals, Sa Jin Jin.
Nice to meet you.
Please wait a moment.
I'm sorry. If you introduce yourself again, I'll translate it for you.
It's all right. I can do it.
Good afternoon. Welcome to National Chemicals' launch event.
My name is Jin Jin Sa, and I'm an actress here in Korea.
From here on, I'll do my best...
to lead National Chemicals Cosmetics to become a global brand. Thank you.
He's the president of this company.
He's so cool.
Men need to be competent.
I heard that the new president is young, handsome, and competent.
I know, right? I didn't know it was him.
Did you know?
- No, I didn't. - What does he do exactly?
I don't know.
- Why don't you know? - He told me, but I didn't get it.
Here.
(To Sa Jin Jin, from the President of National Chemicals, Gong Ji Won)
I've heard a lot about you from Ji Won.
I see. Nice to meet you.
You're a president. You're not stupid nor are you the pink bear.
You're the president.
Please take care of Jin Jin.
I look forward to working with you.
Just by signing a contract with her, we gained more awareness.
We're looking forward to an increase in our performance this year.
Sa Jin Jin, I look forward to working with you.
I will do my best, President Gong.
Lee Chul Min!
Jeong Eun, I can explain.
You're crazy. You jerk. You scum!
I'm sorry. I didn't realize you'd get in trouble.
No, I'm talking about Director Shin.
He's worse than what the rumors say.
He called and shouted at me, asking whether I knew who he was.
So I shouted some swear words back and hung up.
Gosh, I should have said more.
I know you're always trying your best.
- I'm sorry. - No, I...
I should be the one apologizing.
I couldn't even protect you, and you had to go through a lot.
But still, you should have suppressed yourself.
You didn't need to go down to his level.
My manager...
seems to be so loyal to me.
I can hear the waves. You must be enjoying yourself at sea.
I'm not just enjoying myself.
I'm following my dreams.
You want to catch a black porgy...
so that you can make it on the cover of a fishing magazine?
Yes.
Would you give this to Anthony?
All right.
Did something happen to Anthony?
Why?
Did something happen?
It's his birthday today.
It was his birthday then too.
You know, when I took the picture that we saw together.
The one I took with him.
- Yes. - What happened...
on that day?
His mother was sick.
- His mother? - Yes.
But...
his father was in the countryside,
so my mom and I went to the emergency room.
The nurse kept asking us if she took any pills,
if she had high blood pressure, if she's allergic to any food,
if she had been sick recently,
or if she took aspirin. She was firing off these questions.
And I was so scared.
But then, I saw him running towards us from faraway.
So I...
I cried.
I'd never considered him my brother until then...
or had eaten with him.
I hadn't even looked at him properly.
That day, I wailed...
in his arms.
- My brother is... - Really cool.
I know that. I know it very well.
Do you know how great he is?
He's so great...
that I don't stand a chance against him.
I know that.
No, I don't know. I don't want to know.
(The tenth story: Love Wind Love Song)
Mi Dal, can you bring my shoes?
Okay.
What's taking her so long?
- Sorry. Sorry. - I'm so sorry.
Are you...
"Dew on the Swordtip"? No, right?
- "Forceful Moonlight"? - Yes.
It's you. We met at the summer get-together.
Yes, the lamb skewer place in Sinchon.
What a coincidence.
- You're so pretty now. - Stop it.
At midnight tonight on the Galleria server,
they'll hand out the Moon Sword of Tears to 100 people.
Really? That's a really rare item.
Do you know where the closest internet cafe is?
We might have to go to Seogwipo.
Would you...
like to go with me?
Shall I give you the opportunity to take me to an internet cafe?
- Yes. - Okay.
Sa Jin Jin left this for you.
Thanks.
The sky is beautiful. Because it's a special day.
Congratulations. From Sa Jin Jin.
He's the chairman of National Chemicals Korea.
You're beautiful on screen...
but even more so in person.
You came all the way to Jeju,
so I thought I should at least treat you to a meal.
Thank you.
I heard that you and Mr. Gong here...
are childhood friends.
What an interesting coincidence.
It is.
Are you sure you're just friends?
You're both single and very good-looking.
Isn't there a possibility you'll end up together?
Not at all, sir. We're friends.
Oh, I see.
I've been trying to find Mr. Gong a date,
but he kept refusing.
I wondered if there was another reason.
You don't have to worry about that.
Then may I ask you something?
Objectively speaking, what do you think...
of Mr. Gong?
He's tall, quite fit,
is pretty intellectual, and has great fashion sense.
Don't you think he'd stand out even when...
compared to your fellow actors?
He would.
I believe you think too highly of me.
I have very high standards.
That's why I'm trying to...
get you to meet my niece.
Meet her.
Like you said, I like you.
Would I introduce you to someone mediocre?
Did Secretary Kang pass you her number?
Yes, he did.
- Did you set a date? - Not yet.
Are you free this weekend?
I'll call your niece once I return to Seoul.
It's good to work hard while you're young,
but you can't just work.
It's meaningful to...
meet someone, settle down, and start a family.
- Isn't that the truth? - It is.
Ji Won should meet someone special.
See? She agrees with me.
We should eat now.
- Come on, eat up. - Sure.
It was good to meet you. I'll see you again one day.
I'll see you later.
- Jin Jin, let's get back. - Okay.
Why isn't it working?
- It's not working? - No.
- I'll go and get a new one. - Okay.
Now that I walked you back, I'll call it an end to a long day.
- You did well. - Thanks.
Here's your key card.
Thanks.
- I'm in suite 3000? - I'm in 3005.
- Yes, that's yours. - Okay.
Your suitcase is in my room. I'll bring it to you.
- Give it to me now. - It's this way.
[VIU Ver] E19 20th Century Boy & Girl "Love Wind Love Song"
-= Ruo Xi =-
(Congratulations. From Sa Jin Jin)
I apologize for what happened.
(I apologize for what happened.)
(Delete)
Thank you.
(New message)
Is that you?
How did you get in?
I thought it was my room. Our key cards got swapped.
Why did it have to be us two?
Because we're friends.
I'm not going on the blind date.
Why are you telling me this?
Because we're friends.
Go.
You should go.
Hurry up, and go.
Hello.
I printed out and left a precedent on your desk. Did you see it?
Yes, I did. Thank you.
Each precedent is important, so make sure you look at each one.
Okay.
Have you looked over the preparatory documents?
Yes.
Then it seems like you're almost ready.
Oh, I have a few more things I have to take.
(Throat Candy)
Before my trial, I must keep my throat clear.
And I tend to get thirsty whenever I'm nervous.
I'd be flustered if my pen stopped working.
I don't usually sweat,
but you never know.
- Lawyer Jang. - Yes?
I think there's someone who's probably more nervous than you.
Oh, you?
Don't be nervous. I'll do my best and do very well.
Not me.
Your client.
It's your first trial, but it's a first for your client too.
Right.
Hello, sir.
I'm Jang Young Shim, the lawyer in charge of your case.
I thought you might be worried before your first trial.
If you have time, you can come and see the trial.
If you have anything you'd like to say to the judge, you can.
Oh, okay. Of course.
Then I'll do my best to explain your frustrating situation to the judge.
Okay.
What's this?
Is this really a moisturizer?
You didn't bring any products?
I didn't.
My gosh.
Chul Min.
- You're here. - Yes.
I took the first flight because I thought you went out fishing...
the first thing after the sunrise.
What's gotten into you? You were here like a good boy.
I'm not going fishing.
You always go crazy whenever you're here.
You talk about black porgy, striped beakperch, and ice fish...
again, again, and again.
I can't do that if I'm here to work.
I couldn't even sleep because I was devoutly thinking about...
how I'd do the shooting and what my concept should be.
Are you sure it was about work?
You couldn't sleep because you were too excited...
about meeting Jin Jin, right?
Yes.
- What? - I'm joking.
You're not joking.
- I'm not. - What?
Be honest. Are you serious?
I am.
Gosh, life would be so boring if I couldn't make fun of you.
I always have the most fun whenever I make fun of you.
Here.
You said you had to go work.
I'm fine. I don't need that.
The sun is really bright. It's not okay.
I heard you're doing the honeymoon episode for "We Got Married" today.
Yes.
What will you do? Where do you want to go?
I'm not sure. I haven't thought about that.
Well, you're on Jeju Island.
It'll be beautiful no matter where you are.
Of course, it's great.
Happy honeymoon!
Here's your mission card for the Jeju Island special.
(Traveling in Jeju Island)
- "Happy honeymoon." - "Happy honeymoon."
- "Plan your honeymoon." - "Plan your honeymoon."
Jeju Island.
(Anything you wish to do on Jeju Island?)
It's all about fishing.
In April and May, you can catch damselfish...
(It's as if he's an honorary ambassador for fishing.)
(Her husband knows everything about the fishing calendar.)
(So what's your plan for this honeymoon?)
Oh, the honeymoon.
The honeymoon...
I debuted really early, and I was really busy in my 20s.
So I never got a chance to go backpacking.
I want to put on jeans and a backpack...
and then travel around Jeju Island.
This is so awesome.
Jin Jin, you're good at riding bicycles.
Yes, my dad taught me when I was young.
I was too scared to ride it at first,
but he said he'd be holding me, so I had nothing to worry.
I finally got the courage to start pedaling.
When I looked back, my dad was so far away.
I started screaming because I was so scared,
but I realized I was pedaling forward.
I was scared back then, but I'm glad I learned to ride the bicycle.
I got to ride it today.
Anthony, hurry up.
I'll hurry.
Jin Jin, catch that.
I'll move them to your side.
Oh, no! I lost it.
You did it.
- That's it. - I got it.
- Wow, not bad. - That's amazing.
Stop it.
(Olle Trail, Sorang Village)
I love this trail.
Jin Jin.
Let's take a picture together.
- Together? - Yes.
- Ji Won. - Yes?
When's the blind date with the Chairman's niece?
- I'm not going to do it. - Why not?
You don't want to be a son-in-law to a conglomerate?
You don't need to keep secrets from me. I'm good at keeping secrets.
- I don't have any secrets. - What is it?
Is it because of Sa Jin Jin?
See? I was right. See?
You guys are dating, right? You're not just friends.
- It's nothing like that. - There's obviously something.
Gosh, if it's true, then tell me. If not, go on the blind date.
If you're not going, let me go instead.
I'd love to be his son-in-law.
So that's what this was all about.
- Manager Kim. - Yes?
Why did you come to Jeju Island?
- I came here to work. - Then why aren't you?
- I'm going to. - Let's get some work done.
All right.
Yes?
You couldn't follow me?
We must have missed each other.
All right. I'll be there soon.
- Then I'll wait here. - Okay.
Bye.
(Women Divers' Changing Room)
Let's just leave them be.
- Will they be okay by themselves? - Don't worry.
Something fun will happen.
- This is the real thing. - Okay.
Okay.
Producer Bong seems to have missed us.
We need to wait for another 30 minutes.
- Let's drink coffee while we wait. - Shall we?
- Two cups of coffee, please. - Okay.
(I'm not always happy, but there are things to be happy about every day.)
- This... - What is it?
I'm looking for the person who made this.
Who made this?
- This... - Did someone here make this?
No, we got this from the Cosmos Workshop.
Where is it?
I wanted to ask you if you could give us free time for two hours.
I'm sorry.
Yes, it's something personal.
Let's go.
- What? - Let's go find that person.
Let's go together.
- Oh, my. - Where did they go?
(Cosmos Workshop)
- Is it locked? - I think so.
(I'm not always happy, but there are things to be happy about every day.)
(Episode 20 will air shortly.)